README.md, before:

# CCLE Thesis Project 💻🖥

![CCLE Thumbnail](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-AYr9JklA2XM/YTDp4AfJK5I/AAAAAAAACtE/3y6ZIvCAEW4T4EHkZr5x8wCAAAbStgOAACLcBGAsYHQ/s16000/thumbnail.png)

Collaborative Code Learning Environment using MERN stack

## Goals

✅ **Initial API**

❌ **React Signin/Signup**

❌ **Generating Users List**

❌ **Making Chatroom**

❌ **...more list to come**

## How to use (First time use only)

1. Open command line and and paste this code below, then hit enter.

    ````console 
    $git clone https://github.com/saysonjerald/CCLE.git 
    ````

2. Open this folder on VS Code and open the terminal (ctrl + ~), then execute this code below
    ````console 
    npm install
    ````
This will install all the nessesary packages for initial installation, that might take a while to download.

3. Also, install Nodemon package. This will re-run the server if it detects changes into our code
    ````console 
    npm install -g nodemon
    ````

4. Make sure to install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads), [MongoDB Community Server](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community), [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/products/compass) and [PostMan](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) to avoid errors and bugs.

5. Go to drive C: and make a folder called 'data' and create another folder called 'db' inside that data folder
    ````console 
    C:\data\db
    ````
    
6. In order to run the local server you must run 'mongod.exe'
    ````console 
    C:\Program Files\MongoDB\Server\4.4\bin\mongod.exe
    ````

Commit message:

Fix: React and Server execution

README.md, after:

# CCLE Thesis Project 💻🖥

![CCLE Thumbnail](https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-AYr9JklA2XM/YTDp4AfJK5I/AAAAAAAACtE/3y6ZIvCAEW4T4EHkZr5x8wCAAAbStgOAACLcBGAsYHQ/s16000/thumbnail.png)

Collaborative Code Learning Environment using MERN stack

## Goals

✅ **Initial API**

❌ **React Signin/Signup**

❌ **Generating Users List**

❌ **Making Chatroom**

❌ **...more list to come**

## Fress Installation (First time use only)

1. Open command line and and paste this code below, then hit enter.

    ````console 
    $git clone https://github.com/saysonjerald/CCLE.git 
    ````

2. Open this folder on VS Code and open the terminal (ctrl + ~), then execute this code below
    ````console 
    npm install
    ````
This will install all the nessesary packages for initial installation, that might take a while to download.

3. Also, install Nodemon package. This will re-run the server if it detects changes into our code
    ````console 
    npm install -g nodemon
    ````

4. Make sure to install [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads), [MongoDB Community Server](https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/community), [MongoDB Compass](https://www.mongodb.com/products/compass) and [PostMan](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) to avoid errors and bugs.

5. Go to drive C: and make a folder called 'data' and create another folder called 'db' inside that data folder
    ````console 
    C:\data\db
    ````
    
6. In order to run the local server you must run 'mongod.exe'
    ````console 
    C:\Program Files\MongoDB\Server\4.4\bin\mongod.exe
    ````

## How to start
1. Go to VS Code terminal (ctrl + ~ )

2. Execute this code to run the server and the React client
    ````console 
    npm run dev
    ````
